README.md, before:

# Coinpaprika API Kotlin Client

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.5.0-blue.svg)](https://coinpaprika.com/pl/)
![Travis-ci](https://api.travis-ci.org/coinpaprika/coinpaprika-api-kotlin-client.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/CoinpaprikaAPI.svg?style=flat)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-Android-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://developer.android.com/about/)
![Kotlin 1.5.30](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-1.5.30-orange.svg)

This library is written in Kotlin and provides the way to retrieve data from [Coinpaprika.com API](https://api.coinpaprika.com/) with ease.

## Installation
1. Add the following lines in your AndroidManifest.xml file
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE"/>
```

2. Edit module's build.gradle file to attach the library by adding this line into it's dependencies
```gradle
implementation 'com.coinpaprika:apiclient:$library_version'
```

## Usage
[Coinpaprika](https://coinpaprika.com) delivers full market data to the world of crypto: coin prices, volumes, market caps, ATHs, return rates and more.

Instantiate Retrofit service and proceed with the call:
```kotlin
val retrofit = Retrofit.Builder()
                   .baseUrl(COINPAPRIKA_BASE_URL)
                   .addConverterFactory(MoshiConverterFactory.create())
                   .client(OkHttpClient.Builder().build())
                   .build()
val tickersService: TickersService = retrofit.create()
val tickers = tickersService.getTickers() // this function needs to be called in a coroutine
                                          // it can throw an HttpException or an IOException
for (ticker in tickers) {
    println(ticker.name)
    // ticker.id - Coin identifier, to use in ticker(id:) method
    // ticker.name - Coin name, for example Bitcoin
    // ticker.symbol - Coin symbol, for example BTC
    // ticker.rank - Position in Coinpaprika ranking (by MarketCap)
    // ticker.priceUsd - Price in USD
    // ticker.priceBtc - Price in BTC
    // ticker.dailyVolumeUsd - Volume from last 24h in USD
    // ticker.marketCapUsd - Market Capitalization in USD
    // ticker.circulatingSupply - Circulating Supply
    // ticker.totalSupply - Total Supply
    // ticker.maxSupply - Maximum Supply
    // ticker.percentChange1h - Percentage price change in last 1 hour
    // ticker.percentChange24h - Percentage price change in last 24 hours
    // ticker.percentChange7d - Percentage price change in last 7 days
}
```

## License

CoinpaprikaAPI is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Add Retrofit, Moshi and coroutines information to README

README.md, after:

# Coinpaprika API Kotlin Client

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.5.0-blue.svg)](https://coinpaprika.com/pl/)
![Travis-ci](https://api.travis-ci.org/coinpaprika/coinpaprika-api-kotlin-client.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/CoinpaprikaAPI.svg?style=flat)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-Android-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://developer.android.com/about/)
![Kotlin 1.5.30](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-1.5.30-orange.svg)

This library is written in Kotlin and provides a way to retrieve data from [Coinpaprika.com API](https://api.coinpaprika.com/).
It uses [Retrofit](https://square.github.io/retrofit/), [Moshi](https://github.com/square/moshi) and [Kotlin coroutines](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/coroutines-overview.html).

## Installation
1. Add the following lines in your AndroidManifest.xml file
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE"/>
```

2. Edit module's build.gradle file to attach the library by adding this line into it's dependencies
```gradle
implementation 'com.coinpaprika:apiclient:$library_version'
```

## Usage
[Coinpaprika](https://coinpaprika.com) delivers full market data to the world of crypto: coin prices, volumes, market caps, ATHs, return rates and more.

Instantiate Retrofit service and proceed with the call:
```kotlin
val retrofit = Retrofit.Builder()
                   .baseUrl(COINPAPRIKA_BASE_URL)
                   .addConverterFactory(MoshiConverterFactory.create())
                   .client(OkHttpClient.Builder().build())
                   .build()
val tickersService: TickersService = retrofit.create()
val tickers = tickersService.getTickers() // this function needs to be called in a coroutine
                                          // it can throw an HttpException or an IOException
for (ticker in tickers) {
    println(ticker.name)
    // ticker.id - Coin identifier, to use in ticker(id:) method
    // ticker.name - Coin name, for example Bitcoin
    // ticker.symbol - Coin symbol, for example BTC
    // ticker.rank - Position in Coinpaprika ranking (by MarketCap)
    // ticker.priceUsd - Price in USD
    // ticker.priceBtc - Price in BTC
    // ticker.dailyVolumeUsd - Volume from last 24h in USD
    // ticker.marketCapUsd - Market Capitalization in USD
    // ticker.circulatingSupply - Circulating Supply
    // ticker.totalSupply - Total Supply
    // ticker.maxSupply - Maximum Supply
    // ticker.percentChange1h - Percentage price change in last 1 hour
    // ticker.percentChange24h - Percentage price change in last 24 hours
    // ticker.percentChange7d - Percentage price change in last 7 days
}
```

## License

CoinpaprikaAPI is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
